[website] Use MUI X Data Grid v7-beta (#41276)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/table/table.md

The [`DataGrid` component](/x/react-data-grid/) is designed for use-cases that are focused on handling large amounts of tabular data.
While it comes with a more rigid structure, in exchange, you gain more powerful features.

> :::warning
> The demo below uses the v7 version of the `@mui/x-data-grid` package which is currently in beta.
> We plan to release the stable version soon.
> The documentation is available at [next.mui.com](https://next.mui.com/x/react-data-grid/).
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
The demo below uses the MUI X Data Grid v7, which is currently in beta.
Visit [the documentation](https://next.mui.com/x/react-data-grid/) to learn more about it.
:::
```

A few suggestions here:
- I think an info callout fits better here; it's less of a warning about something potentially dangerous and more relevant information to interpret the demo 
- Removed the "release the stable version soon" to avoid time-sensitive messages. We can update this callout once the stable version is out; I guess it's inherently expected that something will move from beta to stable at some point?

cc @samuelsycamore for further insights/suggestions!
